hi everyone to play with the breast as a jailbreak and we are here with us
battery and stylized integrated in a capital marked cover
fart you can guess that the model that will then be covered is ad
food to then increase its autonomy and maicon 4
would you rather be so you can find some in all the department stores but
all -
electronic obviously emo as you find it breaking the listener. it's apple
premium reseller
eh packaging already in itself of high quality as the weather
the cardboard the right place the impression that the fact is optimal then
to be able to open it
make the cover laugh through a blister
with a Piacenza windowed space the quality of the surface finish is
a gem not just
exhibiting the product as you see it is certainly a price
it's free to
appraise and aesthetics if you like you don't like strongly 1 1 from the point of view
of personal tastes he is entitled to
to get pleasure from the most garda
obviously seeing it this way is practically the integral vision of the
product insert
also note the finite
of the closure
a magnet
in this way
at the point of sale
the possibility of costs being granted is -
for it is granted in practice the possibility of showing product to me
its beauty
product that will tell me premium protected by a seal in this place like
you see
you afford not see military
the shoplifting but in any case prevent the product from toppling over
box
now we are wrong
our seal
we proceed to unboxing
light
I thought it was
and let's say heavier the outer shell
see what else contains vito chietino
we have
micro these
connector
micro these for peace recharging
and then we have this scart text
eh already credit card size in practice and therefore
you can then easily transport it
where do you like it?
verighete
size is very compact who practices need
ferrara allow you
sustenance
in this area
of the cover you see here there is this restaurant employees in practice with one
slight pressure
to mount the product in such a way that it is not possible to use this base
as is video support sit-in breno rather than intranet rather than
on any table
you have
we say possibility of having support without particular sto
in this way obviously old post
unboxing ends here we will make a video dedicated to editing so as to break
in two for greater comfort and division
the endless boxing
product certainly from which we will evaluate in everyday use
then we will open a review to judge the battery life
of saying
keygen and specifications give an increase of about twenty hours
see you soon, I recommend that you also include future comments
firm for the occasion
a greeting to the abruzzes soon